Fix wiab demo instructions (#60)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/how-to/install/demo-wiab.md

# Demo Wire-in-a-Box Deployment Guide

## Introduction

> The following will install a demo version of all the wire-server components including the databases. This setup is not recommended in production but will get you started. Demo version means no data persistence (everything stored in memory, will be lost). Read the section [Cleaning/Uninstalling Wire-in-a-Box](#cleaninguninstalling-wire-in-a-box) to clean the installation post testing the demo solution.

Reviewer: Why demo version means no data persistence? May be we can write couple of sentence there by providing a short explanation.

### What will be installed?

- Wire-server (API)

>     - user accounts, authentication, conversations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - user accounts
    - authentication
    - conversations
```

Author: they are core features and are clubbed together as basic APIs, carry forwarded from old documentation

Reviewer: That's okay, since we are listing then why grouping them together with comma that was my point

Author: added them as `core - user accounts, authentication, conversations`

    - assets handling (images, files, …)
    - notifications over websocket
- Wire-webapp, a fully functioning web client (like `https://app.wire.com`)
- Wire-account-pages, user account management (a few pages relating to e.g. password reset), team-settings page
- Email relay service i.e. demo-smtp
- Group calling component i.e. coturn 
- Ephemeral datastores in k8s

> - A cert-manager with `letsencrypt` as `issuser`. As an alternative to providing your own certificate, you may want to allow for automated certificate issuing through Let’s Encrypt. 

Reviewer: We do need to phrase this `As an alternative to providing your own certificate, you may want to allow for automated certificate issuing through Let’s Encrypt.` here on the list?

A good candidate to be in its own section such as `Benefits of using letsencrypt`

Author: **SSL/TLS certificates**:
    - a way to create SSL/TLS certificates for your domain name (to allow connecting via https://)
    - To ease out the process of managing certs, we recommend using [Let\'s Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/getting-started/) &
[cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/tutorials/acme/http-validation/)

--- it is being talked in planning.md file which is starting point of this documentation:
https://github.com/wireapp/wire-docs/pull/60/files#diff-c73153d5e1b44f4727a457aae0f635e2922253659db169e31ca57b55609b5ff9R22

Reviewer: Yes, may be then we can omit this extra info regarding `letsencrypt` here as it feels like a repetition. When I am reading this i am asking this question to myself, is there a way to disallow the `letsencrypt` here and bring my own cert. 

And the title says `What will be installed?` So I would just expect a list here and if the items on the list deserve description there can be another description section (that you already have in the planning to some extent) which can be linked to the list items.

Author: Got the idea, removed the description and keeping it simple as 
` A cert-manager with `letsencrypt` as `issuser`.`

### What will not be installed?

- notifications over native push notifications via [FCM](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/)/[APNS](https://developer.apple.com/notifications/)

> - persistent datastores in k8s 

Reviewer 2: it k8s is redundant.

- highly available k8s cluster

### Diagram

> A demo installation will look a bit like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flow diagram of the Demo setup
```

> - highly available k8s cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- high availablity
```

    SeedContainer -->|"docker image loads"| HelmCharts

    %% Color coding based on legend - softer colors for better readability
    classDef yellow fill:#fff9c4,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#4a4a4a
    classDef blue fill:#e3f2fd,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#1565c0
    classDef green fill:#e8f5e8,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#2e7d32
    classDef red fill:#ffebee,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#c62828
    classDef purple fill:#f3e5f5,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#7b1fa2
    classDef rose fill:#fce4ec,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#c2185b
    classDef orange fill:#fff3e0,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#ef6c00
    classDef gray fill:#f5f5f5,stroke:#666,stroke-width:1px,color:#616161
    
    %% Apply colors according to legend and function
    class DeployNode yellow
    class WireServerDownload,NAT blue
    class HelmCharts,SeedContainer green
    class DockerK8s red
    class NIC purple
    class WebClients rose
    class AnsibleNode orange
    class GitCommands gray
```

### Installation Guide

This guide provides detailed instructions for deploying a Demo Wire-in-a-Box (WIAB) using Ansible on an Ubuntu 24.04 system. 

> The deployment process is structured into multiple blocks within the Ansible playbook, offering flexibility in execution. It is designed to configure a remote node, such as example.com (referred to as deploy_node), to install Wire with a custom domain, example.com (referred to as target_domain). 

Reviewer: is it required for the user to know how the `ansible` playbook is designed? If so please rephrase this sentence:
`It is designed to configure a remote node, such as example.com (referred to as deploy_node), to install Wire with a custom domain, example.com (referred to as target_domain). `
Is the `example.com` referred as both deploy_node and target_domain ?

Author: yes, I am trying to give an idea on what to expect when running the ansible-playbook.

These variables must be verified in the file [ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml) before running the pipeline.

> Typically, the deployment process runs seamlessly without requiring any external flags. However, if needed, you have the option to skip certain tasks based on their conditional flags. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, the deployment process runs seamlessly without requiring any external flags. However, if needed, you have the option to skip certain tasks by passing the conditional flags defined in the task. 
```

For instance, if you wish to bypass the [Wire Artifact Download tasks](#8-wire-artifact-download) —which can be time-consuming—you can manage the artifacts independently and skip this step in the Ansible workflow by using the flag `-e skip_download=true`.

For more detailed instructions on each task, please refer to the [Deployment Flow section](#deployment-flow).

## Deployment requirements:

>   - Clone of [wire-server-repository](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Clone of [wire-server-deploy repository](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy)
```

>   - The inventory file [host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml) (post cloning the previous repo) to update and verify the following default variables:

Reviewer: (post cloning the previous repo) is confusing here. is it wire-server-repository repo? May be omit this part from the sentence. The link of the hosts.yaml takes to that file. Or can be rephrased as:
```suggestion
  - The inventory file [host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml) in the wire-server-deploy needs to  be verified and updated with the following default variables:
```

>   - The inventory file [host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml) in the wire-server-deploy needs to  be verified and updated with the following default variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The inventory file [host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml) in the wire-server-deploy needs to be verified and updated with the following default variables:
```

>     - ansible_host: aka **deploy_node** i.e. IP address or hostname of VM where Wire will be deployed (Mandatory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ansible_host: aka **deploy_node** i.e. IP address or hostname of the VM where Wire will be deployed (Mandatory)
```

- These charts can be configured in [host.yml](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml)
- Can be skipped with `skip_helm_install=true`

### 14. Temporary Cleanup

- Locates all temporary SSH key directories created during deployment
- Lists and removes these directories

## SSH Proxy Configuration

The deployment uses an SSH proxy mechanism to access:
1. Kubernetes nodes within the Minikube cluster
2. The asset host for resource distribution

SSH proxying is configured with:
    - Dynamic discovery of SSH key paths (uses `ansible_ssh_private_key_file` if defined)
    - StrictHostKeyChecking disabled for convenience
    - UserKnownHostsFile set to /dev/null to prevent host key verification issues

## General Tips

### Ansible run selective tasks
- You can use ^skip_ variables as environment variables to control the execution flow of the playbook. If these variables are passed, they will skip specific groups of tasks as explained in the [Deployment Flow](#deployment-flow) section. By default, if no variables are passed, all tasks will run in sequence.

>   In case of timeouts or any failures, you can skip tasks that have already been completed by passing the appropriate flags. For example, if the Wire artifact download task fails due to a timeout or disk space issue, you can skip the tasks that come before the Wire Artifact Download by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case of timeouts or other failures, you can skip tasks that have already been completed by passing the appropriate flags. For example, if the Wire artifact download task fails due to a timeout or a disk space issue, you can skip the preceding tasks by using the following command:
```

```bash
ansible-playbook -i ansible/inventory/demo/host.yml ansible/wiab-demo/deploy_wiab.yml -e "skip_verify_dns=true skip_install_pkgs=true skip_minikube=true"
```
  This command will skip the DNS verification, package installation, and Minikube cluster configuration tasks, allowing you to resume the playbook from the Wire artifact download task.

### Iptables behaviour

> - All the iptables rules are not persisted after reboots, but they can be regenerated by running the entire pipeline or restored from the `/home/ansible_user/wire-iptables-rules/rules_post_wire.v4` directory. Optionally, we can skip everything else when generating the rules again.

Reviewer 2: restored from the... so, just CDing to that directory restores iptables rules, eh? :)

Author: yes, this is for the restart behavior, in case someone want to preserve the state post restart. They can use manual command or re-run the ansible-playbook to restore iptables rules.
